please was here with the game station it
is wednesday january thirtieth and first
let's start out with a dead space 3
launch trailer check it out
amazing plus having a little Phil
Collins in your trailers spice it up
never hurts next speaking of big games
gears of war judgment will have a demo
of its highly-anticipated overrun mode
available for you to play on march 19th
the cool thing about this is that all XP
earned during your demo plays will
transfer over into the full game once
you pick that up here's a clip of
overrun mode in case you've forgotten
how awesome it's going to be the ticker
he chomps defenses self-destructs and
has the ability to dash really really
fast and you just don't you you got you
this is next if you are a Dungeons and
Dragons fan looking forward to the
upcoming free-to-play MMO neverwinter
you'll be excited to know that there are
3 beta weekend events coming up in early
februari and march but you might be a
little less stoked to know that getting
an invite might be next to impossible
however if you have a problem just throw
money at it you can gain access by
purchasing a founder's pack priced at
twenty dollars sixty dollars and two
hundred dollars depending on the perks
you want it all asked the question how
much is playing a dark elf worth to you
all right let's check in with Josh for a
new look out hey you're sweet yeah I
missed you last week I was in New York
last week I heard you having a great
time awesome great city great company
what do you got for us today first of
all reptile games has announced megabyte
punch beta it's a robot game that's part
beat-'em-up part platformer and part
kind of super smash brothers with a loaf
I graphics but awesome world the game
looks great I'm not doing it justice
check out this trailer
you
next up in stalker of magical time bean
has announced that he is working on a
scapegoat to for those of you who have
played the first one you should know
what to expect the game is going to be
similar with its mechanics however the
world is going to look different there's
going to be a whole new story and a
possible level editor we got to
interview in on Indy static calm you
guys can check out that interview if you
want to know all the details of a
scapegoat to those of you who have been
keeping up with the indie world you'll
probably recognize this title the game
is called antechamber they've been
working on it since 2009 the game has
won so many awards already but it's
going to be released tomorrow it's a
psychological exploration game set in a
3d MC escher like world the game is
mostly white with some splashes of color
and nothing is as it seems you guys need
to check out this trailer and
antechamber as soon as it's released and
lastly as you guys know jesse cox and i
have been working on a show called the
green like this past week we looked at a
game called fist puncher by team two bit
the game is absolutely amazing we loved
the crap out of and we hope that you do
too you can check out the green light on
his channel OMFG kata or you can check
out the super indie spotlight and an
interview with team to bit on my channel
Andy static awesome good stuff today
good to have you back to being snappy oh
thank you like it yeah hopefully see you
next week Oh we'll see you see next
there are some movies that celebrate
what makes gaming grapes such as
wreck-it Ralph while others celebrate
the absolute worst elements of it and
the new movie noobs released yesterday
might fall into that latter category
noobs focuses on for gamers on a trip to
compete in a Gears of War tournament and
claims that it's the first outrageous
comedy to capture gamer culture from the
inside but my pal Dan Reicher from Game
Informer has presented a pretty
convincing argument saying the complete
opposite he says quote noobs would be an
offensive piece of trash for any sane
intelligent human being but it's made
exponentially worse if you're a gamer
okay I want to hear what you guys think
in the comments did you see it are you
planning on seeing it did you find
entertaining or just plain infuriating
let me know give me one right here bro
give me one right here bro give me one
right here bro give you one right here
bro all right let's check in with Davis
for network news hey there what's going
on so in the last week Josh went to New
York and I went to Las Vegas where did
you go obviously somewhere awesome uh
playa vista which is like 10 minutes
away from work kind of exciting yeah
what do you got for us today uh network
news first up we have a zeitgeist review
of the recently released DMC game I
don't give too much away but he liked
the game I'm particularly fast-paced
combat the good voice work and the
interesting take on the usual kind of
heaven verse hell storyline as with all
of us views its top notch and if you
were thinking about skipping this one
check out the video it might make you
change your mind the overall aesthetics
of the game are really interesting as
well at first I didn't enjoy the harsh
color palette but as I continue to play
I found that it really suited the design
of the game nicely the graphics are
beautiful on the consoles and the game
runs at a smooth frame rate throughout
its entirety which is essential for an
in-your-face action game like devil may
cry next up from kalyan we have his
first ever top 10 list it's the top 10
wii u launch games and as an awesome
added bonus it features a ton of TGS
channel guest stars like jesse cox pro
jared the completionist and more if you
kind of on the fence about the wii u
check it out might cause you to uh buy
it and if not you just got 15 minutes of
an awesome video so check it out top 10
wii u launch games and that's from
katelyn developers steel on bone
mechanicus how it's supposed to be
really gory an enchant you want to take
out hordes of bad guys will razor's edge
let's reuse multiple weapons ninja
gaiden 3 didn't because it's son and
finally we have a hobbit themed
minecraft machinima it features the
dwarves reminiscing about the follow the
lonely mountain and it's set to that
awesome song the dwarfs and the movie
shows in the book I remember but it's
really well shot it's very touching it's
great check it out it is a hobbit
minecraft machinima from music by Pedro
you
it was in the book just so you know I'm
assuming if i recall i read the hobbit
years ago and i think that he puts that
song in there i don't i don't want to
sound like i know more than what did you
think of the movie I I'll actually love
them I thought he was really gonna be
punching for the door a lot of people
off people weren't too happy with it I
thought it was really like a really fun
movie and I like the three and you know
can't with the other two I liked I liked
it because you got to see so much of
Rivendell that was like my favorite part
like I said Lord of the Rings nerd I
loved it do you wish you were no yellow
we'll talk about that's it for news but
in case you missed it last week's TGS
podcast was live from maker studios so
check that out and hey football fans got
a brand new episode of iron gamer for ya
featuring shofu playing NFL Blitz just
in time for the big game and remember to
keep checking me out every Tuesday on
ign's the next game boss subscribe and
follow the game station on twitter and
facebook until next time i'm lisa foiles
and i found out yesterday that remax
number one fan scott is sick with the
flu so from all of us here hey Scott
stop dying
you